---
layout: post
title:  "HDFC Bank Educational Crisis Scholarship Scheme 2018"
date:   2018-07-16 05:27:40 +0530
categories: scholarship
share: true
---
HDFC Bank believes that the benefits of economic growth need to flow to all sections of society. Although not a panacea, education would be one of the main interventions that would lead to the overall economic and social development of the society.

With the aim of empowering individuals who are economically and socially disadvantaged, the bank has initiated various projects in the field of education and livelihood training. ‘Educational Crisis Scholarship Support’ (ECSS) programme is envisaged to provide interim support for children facing a personal/economic exigency.

ECSS aims to cover students from recognized Private or Government aided schools between standards 6 and 12 and students studying in undergraduate and post-graduate courses (full-time/part-time degree/diploma/ courses) who due to personal/family crises are unable to continue bearing the cost of education and are at risk of dropping out of school/college/university.

This situation would be defined as bereavement/death/ terminal illness/permanent disability and loss of job of the breadwinner due to accident or any such extreme circumstances that have put a strain on the family resources.


Contact the nearest HDFC Bank Branch in case you’re unable to fill the form or you need any assistance. Alternatively, you can write to ecss@hdfcbank.com or call on 022 3075 1030/022 3075 1006.

# [Apply on this page before August 15.](https://app.goodera.com/#/grant/application/527/open-task/15915/org/1008/apply)

##### [Check out the official page for more information.](https://www.hdfcbank.com/htdocs/common/ECSS_scholarship.htm)
