---
layout: post
title:  "IEEE Conference on Circuits and Systems in Digital Enterprise Technology"
date:   2018-07-18 07:26:40 +0530
categories: conference
share: true
---
# Submit papers by August 6 2018
# Conference during December 21-22 2018


### About the Conference

There has been an explosion of research activities in Engineering and Technology with application to Digital Enterprise Technology in recent years. Such activities require inter-disciplinary collaborations and contributions from scientists, engineers, researchers, academicians and entrepreneurs.

International Conference on Circuits and Systems in Digital Enterprise Technology (ICCSDET-2018) is the premier forum for exchanging ideas and interacting with experts from diverse fields such as Circuits, System and their applications.

This Conference will consist of tutorials, plenary lectures, oral and poster presentations. ICCSDET-2018 will focus on recent trends, emerging technologies and advances in all aspects of Circuits, Systems, Signals, Mathematical Methods, Computational Methods, and its applications in various Digital Enterprise Technologies.

### Location

SAINTGITS College of Engineering, Pathamuttam -Post,
Kottayam, Kerala.

### Call for Papers

Prospective authors are invited to submit full length original research papers (which are not submitted or published or not under consideration anywhere in other conferences / journals). The ICCSDET-2018 proceedings will be indexed and published on IEEE Xplore Digital Library.


# [Papers are to be submitted by Easychair link given on this page.](http://www.iccsdet.com/paper-submission/)

