---
layout: post
share: true
title:  "Ignitus WooTech Mentee"
date:   2018-07-11
categories: learning
---
It's the era of Women Wooing Technology, so give yourself a pat on the back if you've landed on this page!

Whether you are a student, a working professional or just curious about technology, we will try to cater for all needs.

Woo-Tech would like to help you think outside the box, mainly by:
- Encouraging and involving more women in technological fields
- Helping students build careers by matching them with mentors in the professional field based on similar interests
- Helping professions/non-students seeking to move into technical career by matching them with students for better learning opportunities
- Provide a platform/ forum for voicing out doubts, questions (either anonymously or not) to seek help from other women/men

NOTE: Men are more than welcome to join as mentors and just be an exciting part of the community. Infact, we want men here! JOIN US!!!

# [Please join by filling this form](https://goo.gl/FWFNi5)

### How it works?
1. Once a mentee approaches with a set of problems, they will be allocated a mentor based on case by case
profile fit.
2. Both the mentee and mentor will be notified of the same.
3. The mentee can contact and seek advice from mentor within 1 week of the same, after which the
mentorship period ends. In case the mentee does not approach the mentor or there is no response from the
mentor, we will reallocate.
4. We encourage use of our slack channel for communication, but it is flexible.
5. At a time, at most 1 mentee will be allocated to a mentor!
We call this one-time and on-demand. The next mentor allocation will take place, once a mentee re-requests
for a mentor.
