---
layout: post
title:  "Summer School on Antenna & Microwave Engineering"
date:   2018-07-16 05:28:40 +0530
categories: learning training
share: true
---
# Course fee is Rs 1000
# Last date to apply 20 July 2018
# Duration 23 to 27 July 2018

[Summer School on Antenna and Microwave Engineering (SUSAME-2018)](http://www.nits.ac.in/workshops/Brochure_Summer_School_on_Antenna_and_Microwave_Engineering_23072018.pdf) is a week-long course on Antenna and Microwave Engineering. The aim of this week-long course is to provide a platform to get exposure in the field of antenna and microwave engineering.

__Course Highlights:__

- EMI/EMC.
- Planar Component/Structure Simulation Techniques.
- Microwave Power Dividers: Some Recent Trends.
- Multi-band Impedance Transformers.
- Design of Microwave Amplifiers.
- RF MEMS.
- Antennas for Circular Polarization.
- Ultra-wideband Multi-functional Antennas.
- Effect of Microwave Radiation from Communication Devices on Human Body.
- Effects of Electromagnetic Radiation on Plant Life.

UG and PG students, Research scholars, industry personnel, faculty members of recognized technical institutions interested in the field of Antenna and Microwave Engineering can register for this course.

[Interested candidates are advised to fill the registration form](http://www.nits.ac.in/workshops/Brochure_Summer_School_on_Antenna_and_Microwave_Engineering_23072018.pdf) and email scanned copy of the followings to course coordinator, at ktaimoor@gmail.com

- Filled registration form.
- Identity card.
- Payment proof.

Participants will receive an acknowledgement on acceptance of their application over mail.
