---
layout: post
title:  "Associate Engineer at Eaton (Fresher)"
date:   2018-07-18 07:24:40 +0530
categories: job
share: true
---
# Job Description
As an Associate Engineer, the incumbent would be working on product or technology groups with design, development, testing or sustaining engineering responsibilities. They have to study, design, make changes to existing designs as per needs, Accumulate product/technology knowledge and assess systemic improvements & sustenance. Plan their activities to achieve project timelines and deliverables. These engineers would be working for varied projects at Eaton India Innovation Centre.

Hires will be a part of campus hire assimilation program and will receive overall understanding of the organization.

Hires will be placed across to either product groups or to technology groups.

# Qualifications
Required: Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering.

Clear Communication both written and spoken.

We make what matters work. Everywhere you look—from the technology and machinery that surrounds us, to the critical services and infrastructure that we depend on every day—you’ll find one thing in common. It all relies on power. That’s why Eaton is dedicated to improving people’s lives and the environment with power management technologies that are more reliable, efficient, safe and sustainable. Because this is what matters. We are confident we can deliver on this promise because of the attributes that our employees embody. We’re ethical, passionate, accountable, efficient, transparent and we’re committed to learning. These values enable us to tackle some of the toughest challenges on the planet, never losing sight of what matters.

# [Apply here for the post.](https://jobs.eaton.com/jobs/055421?)